# Requests From Users

1. Embedded action cards that are inside transformations cannot be drag-and-dropped to become regular actions on another character sheet, the item section of the system, or a compendium and they should be draggable to become such on any non-transformed character sheet.
2. For all new action cards I would prefer if status effects defaulted to the "apply if one hits" option since there's very rarely a situation where that is not the case. I would also like it to, by default, handle cases where that is set but there are no statuses present by skipping the status application if there are no statuses present. I'm not sure if it presently does that but if not that's what we need to do.
3. I've got a user who persistantly fails to add combat powers to his action cards. So, if an action card meets the criteria of being an "Attack Chain" style card, and it has no combat power embedded I want its sheet background, and list background color to change to an angry neon red color full of orange warning signs in the background of it. I want this in character sheets, when embedded in transformations, and if possible: when in compendium too. Lets also add a warning at the top using our "callouts" system so that it cannot be ignored easily.
4. "Apply Transformations" should not appear when the action card is in "saved damage" mode since that flow is just to apply the saved damage.
5. I've noticed that when adding embedded combat powers to action cards that are themselves embedded the sheet closes: lets look for the logic where that is happening and attempt to fix it.
